README.md, before:

## Content Editor
React WYSIWYG editor component built using DraftJS.

Demo is staged [here](https://stagingeditor-yrmhuegkus.now.sh).

## Installation
ContentEditor is currently a private package, published under the `@crossfield` scope. As such, you'll need to obtain a crossfield npm token to install the editor in your project, and to build and deploy your project on remote servers.

To install:
`$ NPM_TOKEN=xxxxxxxxx npm install @crossfield/content-editor`

In your project, add an `.npmrc` file and copy/paste the following into it (don't replace the NPM_TOKEN w/actual token):
```
//registry.npmjs.org/:_authToken=${NPM_TOKEN}
```
Then add the `NPM_TOKEN` as an environment variable in your CI and deployment services.


## Use
This package includes a Common module build at `/lib` and a UMD bundle in `/dist`. Most applications will use the Common build by importing `ContentEditor` as below. To include styles, just import the css file from `/dist`, ie:
```
// manifest.css
@import <path_to>/node_modules/@crossfield/content-editor/dist/content-editor-styles.css
```

```
// editor parent component
import React, { Component } from 'react';
import ContentEditor from '@crossfield/content-editor';

class MyEditor extends Component {
  ...

  render() {
    return (
      <div>
        <button onClick={this.handleSave}>Save</button>
        <button onClick={this.handleClear}>Clear</button>
        <ContentEditor
          onFileUpload={this.handleFileUpload}
          exportTo="raw"
        />
      </div>
    );
  }
}
```

See the demo directory for a more complete example. Demo contains a sample editor parent container that instantiates the `ContentEditor` component and passes in props.


## Public methods
__focus__: Focus the editor.

__save__: Save content to whatever format is specified in the `exportTo` prop (see below). Returns a promise, and resolves with content or error message if an error is thrown.

__clear__: Clear content from the editor. Returns a promise.


## Props
__content__: { string } :: HTML or raw content

__placeholder__: { string } :: Editor placeholder message

__spellcheckEnabled__: { bool } :: Enable browser spellcheck (behavior is dependent on user settings)

__customControls__: { object } :: Custom controls to add to the toolbar. Must adhere to the signature of toolbar constants. Note: this feature is currently experimental, and will likely need additional work to support (particularly anything other than simple inline or block controls).

__detachToolbarOnScroll__: { bool } :: Whether to detach the toolbar on scroll. Fixes to top of viewport for better user experience on longer posts.

__onFocus__: { func } :: Respond to editor focus event.

__onBlur__: { func } :: Respond to editor blur event.

__onFileUpload__: { func, required } :: Respond to file upload event. Hook for saving file to server or cloud service.

__linkInputAcceptsFiles__: { bool, default: false } :: If you'd like to give users the option to add downloadable file links inlined, in addition to (or instead of) as block components with optional captions, pass true.

__exportTo__: { string, oneOf(['html', 'raw']), required } :: Import/Export format. Raw option exports DraftJS raw format, which can be parsed into markdown or other format.


## Developing and testing
To get started, clone down the repo and ```$ npm install```.

There's a development server that serves a demo project that consists of a parent component that renders the exported `ContentEditor` module.
The server has built-in hot-reloading.
To use, run:

```
$ npm start
// access editor at localhost:3000
```


## Publishing
Steps to publish to npm:
1. Make sure you have group permissions, and log back into npm in your console:
  `npm login --scope=@crossfield --registry=https://registry.npmjs.org/`
2. Bump the version in `package.json` and commit
3. Add a git tag: `$ git tag #.#.#` (please follow semver :)
4. `$ git push origin #.#.#`
5. `$ npm publish`

Commit message:

add doc on image resizing and max image size warning setting

README.md, after:

## Content Editor
React WYSIWYG editor component built using DraftJS.

Demo is staged [here](https://stagingeditor-yrmhuegkus.now.sh).

## Installation
ContentEditor is currently a private package, published under the `@crossfield` scope. As such, you'll need to obtain a crossfield npm token to install the editor in your project, and to build and deploy your project on remote servers.

To install:
`$ NPM_TOKEN=xxxxxxxxx npm install @crossfield/content-editor`

In your project, add an `.npmrc` file and copy/paste the following into it (don't replace the NPM_TOKEN w/actual token):
```
//registry.npmjs.org/:_authToken=${NPM_TOKEN}
```
Then add the `NPM_TOKEN` as an environment variable in your CI and deployment services.


## Use
This package includes a Common module build at `/lib` and a UMD bundle in `/dist`. Most applications will use the Common build by importing `ContentEditor` as below. To include styles, just import the css file from `/dist`, ie:
```
// manifest.css
@import <path_to>/node_modules/@crossfield/content-editor/dist/content-editor-styles.css
```

```
// editor parent component
import React, { Component } from 'react';
import ContentEditor from '@crossfield/content-editor';

class MyEditor extends Component {
  ...

  render() {
    return (
      <div>
        <button onClick={this.handleSave}>Save</button>
        <button onClick={this.handleClear}>Clear</button>
        <ContentEditor
          onFileUpload={this.handleFileUpload}
          exportTo="raw"
        />
      </div>
    );
  }
}
```

See the demo directory for a more complete example. Demo contains a sample editor parent container that instantiates the `ContentEditor` component and passes in props.


## Public methods
__focus__: Focus the editor.

__save__: Save content to whatever format is specified in the `exportTo` prop (see below). Returns a promise, and resolves with content or error message if an error is thrown.

__clear__: Clear content from the editor. Returns a promise.


## Props
__content__: { string } :: HTML or raw content

__placeholder__: { string } :: Editor placeholder message

__spellcheckEnabled__: { bool } :: Enable browser spellcheck (behavior is dependent on user settings)

__customControls__: { object } :: Custom controls to add to the toolbar. Must adhere to the signature of toolbar constants. Note: this feature is currently experimental, and will likely need additional work to support (particularly anything other than simple inline or block controls).

__detachToolbarOnScroll__: { bool } :: Whether to detach the toolbar on scroll. Fixes to top of viewport for better user experience on longer posts.

__onFocus__: { func } :: Respond to editor focus event.

__onBlur__: { func } :: Respond to editor blur event.

__onFileUpload__: { func, required } :: Respond to file upload event. Hook for saving file to server or cloud service.

__maxImgWidth__: { number } :: Setting this param will not constrain image upload sizes, but will warn users on photo upload that their image is too large and they need to size down below this max size.

__linkInputAcceptsFiles__: { bool, default: false } :: If you'd like to give users the option to add downloadable file links inlined, in addition to (or instead of) as block components with optional captions, pass true.

__exportTo__: { string, oneOf(['html', 'raw']), required } :: Import/Export format. Raw option exports DraftJS raw format, which can be parsed into markdown or other format.


## Developing and testing
To get started, clone down the repo and ```$ npm install```.

There's a development server that serves a demo project that consists of a parent component that renders the exported `ContentEditor` module.
The server has built-in hot-reloading.
To use, run:

```
$ npm start
// access editor at localhost:3000
```


## Publishing
Steps to publish to npm:
1. Make sure you have group permissions, and log back into npm in your console:
  `npm login --scope=@crossfield --registry=https://registry.npmjs.org/`
2. Bump the version in `package.json` and commit
3. Add a git tag: `$ git tag #.#.#` (please follow semver :)
4. `$ git push origin #.#.#`
5. `$ npm publish`
